now Ezra remained in Acacia Grove and
that people began to commit harlotry
with the women of Moab they invited the
people to the sacrifices of their gods
and the people ate and bowed down to
their gods so Israel was joined to bale
of Peel and the anger of the Lord was
aroused against Israel then the Lord
said to Moses take all the leaders of
the people and hang the offenders before
the Lord out in the Sun that the fierce
anger of the Lord may turn away from his
reign
so Moses said to the judges of Israel
every one of you kill his men who were
joined to Vail of peor and indeed one of
the children of Israel came and
presented to his brethren a Midianite
woman in the sight of Moses and in the
sight of all the congregation of the
children of Israel who were weeping at
the door of the tabernacle of meeting
now when phineas the son of Eleazar the
son of Aaron the priest saw it he rose
from among the congregation and took a
javelin in his hand and he went after
the man of Israel into the tent and
thrust both of them through the man of
Israel and the woman of her body
so the plague was stopped among the
children of Israel and those who died in
the plague were 24,000
[Music]
then the Lord spoke to Moses Phineas the
son of Eleazar the son of Aaron the
priest has turned back my wrath from the
children of Israel because he was
zealous with my zeal among them so that
I did not consume the children of Israel
in my zeal therefore saying behold I
give to him my covenant of peace and it
shall be to him and his descendants
after him a covenant of an everlasting
priesthood because he was zealous for
his God and made atonement for the
children of Israel now the name of the
Israelite who was killed who was killed
with the Midianite woman was Imre the
son of save a leader of a father's house
among the Samia Knights and the name of
the Midianite woman who was killed was
caused by the daughter of zero he was
head of the people of a father's house
in Midian
then the Lord spoke to Moses Harris the
Midianites and attacked them for they
harassed you with their schemes by which
they seduced you in the matter of peor
and in the matter of Kasbah the daughter
of a leader of Midian their sister who
was killed in the day of the plague
because of Pele